I read about you in the paper last
mostly guess I don't really know either
though I don't know your Billy the Kid
my father is beating my mother today
lately with me a while he'll take us
with you
how long even sure if they're in two
weeks
do not feel special when they start
writing about means you're already dead
also none enemy number one there are
families in this town hurt by this man's
crimes weapon awesome do you pad up fine
right you just walk Barney and come
again
[Music]
you think she could run for me that one
has to die stack I think that one of
life's harsh realities
[Music]
what more Stephanie will be your last
you really think I'm lucky
I know it is my lucky day wonderful
[Music]
[Applause]
what do you think I do you hurt one hair
on his head I'm taking my nephew with me
every single one of these peoples gonna
tell the tale right you ran they know
it's not true doesn't matter what's true
it matters the story they tell when
you're gone
[Music]